The Network Multitool container image

There was a time ... actually ... many a times, when I needed more than just ping to reach a container running on a particular docker host on a particular docker / container network. 

We know that the idea behind a docker container in general is that it should have just enough software to make sure that the process/service it is supposed to run, is run without any problems. 
Normally a container is designed to run a particular process, for example a web server, a java application server, database server, etc, And to that extent containers are great piece of technology. 
Just because thes images are very minimalistic, (also trying to keep their size to a minimum), they have no other tools installed in them. So they are very lean in nature. If a container is to run a single process all it's life, why bother filling it up with software which is never going to be used! Great! But since they are lean, troubleshooting them sometimes is difficult.

Recently I was working on a Kubernetes cluster, and was not able to resolve services' names setup and provided by Kubernetes addon called SkyDNS. I had nginx running as a container, and being minimalistic in nature, it had no tools inside it except ping. It didn't even have nslookup! I installed nslookup in a running container, the usual `apt-get update` and `apt-get install nslookup` (TODO: Verify package name) , and nslookup did not prove to be much helpful. It was just not giving me enough information about what was happening with name resolution. I was not until I decided to install `dig` that I figured out what was going on! It actually took me many container starts and many times going through the same `apt-get` update and install routines, until I reached a point to install dig instead of nslookup and things got very clear after that. 

This officially was a nasty (or very interesting) itch (depending on how you look at it), and I needed a solution for such situations. I needed a container image, which would have all the necessary tools installed in it. I also wanted the container image to run as a standard service just by specifying `kubectl run network-multitool --image=network-multitool` instead of remembering and using weird kubectl commands to run a container in a interactive mode. I figured if a container have some sort of universal service (such as a small web service) as default, I would just need to start it and then `exec` into it and do stuff! So this multitool also got a web server. I am a RedHat fan, so I based my image on CENTOS:7 and intially had apache. Then I thought well, may be we can have nginx instead of apache - nginx being very light weight and very fast.'

Creating this network-multitool image has completely soothed this itch. Now, I use it to solve all sorts of problems. e.g. Consider a situation where you have a MySQL service running as a container. For some reason if your application (running inside a php-apache container) is not able to access it, then you need some tools to figure out where the problem is. You would of-course start from the host sytem right! Of-course that is what you have, so first you use tools from your host OS. Well, in a container world, tools on host are sometimes not very helpful. Also there are now situations where tools on the host do not exist and are impossible to add! Fedora Atomic, CoreOS, etc, are some examples of container engine hosts, where you just can't
